# Privacy Policy

Effective date: March 03, 2019

Slack Emoji Meister developers ("us", "we", or "our") operates the Slack Emoji Meister chrome extension (hereinafter referred to as the "SEM").

This page informs you of our policies regarding the collection, use, and disclosure of personal data when you use our Service and the choices you have associated with that data.

By using the Service, you agree to the collection and use of information in accordance with this policy.

All SEM programs are published as OSS.
[https://github.com/takanakahiko/slack-emoji-meister](https://github.com/takanakahiko/slack-emoji-meister)

## Definitions

*   **SEM**
    
    SEM is the `slack emoji meister` chrome extension
    
*   **Personal Data**
    
    Personal Data means data about a living individual who can be identified from those data.
    
*   **Usage Data**
    
    Usage Data is data collected automatically either generated by the use of the Service or from the Service infrastructure itself.
    
*   **Cookies**
    
    Cookies are small files stored on your device.
    

## Information Collection and Use

We collect several different types of information for various purposes to provide and improve our Service to you.

### Types of Data Collected

#### Personal Data

SEM does not store any Personal Data.
The only exception to this is Slack's workspace name.

Slack's workspace name are stored within the Google Chrome storage area via Storage Sync.
This area is restricted to the SEM application and your Google account.
Data are never transmitted or disclosed to the SEM developers. 

Revoking SEM access via the extension Settings, or deleting the extension, will remove this data from the storage area.

#### Usage Data

SEM does not store any Personal Data.

#### Tracking & Cookies Data

SEM does not read / write tracking & Cookies data.

## Use of Data

SEM uses the collected data only for register emoji to Slack.

## Disclosure Of Data

### Legal Requirements

slack emoji meister may disclose your Personal Data in the good faith belief that such action is necessary to:

*   To comply with a legal obligation
*   To protect and defend the rights or property of slack emoji meister
*   To prevent or investigate possible wrongdoing in connection with the Service
*   To protect the personal safety of users of the Service or the public
*   To protect against legal liability

As an European citizen, under GDPR, you have certain individual rights.
You can learn more about these guides in the [GDPR Guide](https://termsfeed.com/blog/gdpr/#Individual_Rights_Under_the_GDPR).

## Changes to This Privacy Policy

We may update our Privacy Policy from time to time.
We will notify you of any changes by posting the new Privacy Policy on this page.

You are advised to review this Privacy Policy periodically for any changes.
Changes to this Privacy Policy are effective when they are posted on this page.

## Contact Us

If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, please contact us:

*   By email: takanakahiko@gmail.com